<INFO-llm_manager.bedrock_manager> - 🚀 Đang gọi mô hình DeepSeek...us.deepseek.r1-v1:0
<DEBUG-llm_manager.bedrock_manager> - [DeepSeek] Đã nhận phản hồi: ```json
{
  "title": "Updated Price Cap Coalition Advisory for the Maritime Oil Industry and Related Sectors Best Practices in Response to Recent Developments in the Maritime Oil Trade",
  "url": "https://ofac.treasury.gov/media/933506/download?inline",
  "publish_time": "2024-10-21T00:00:00",
  "is_negative": true,
  "is_linktopaper": true,
  "content": "The Price Cap Coalition is issuing this updated advisory to provide recommendations concerning specific best practices for private sector actors (“ industry stakeholders ”1) involved in the maritime trade of crude oil and refined petroleum products, as well as government stakeholders. This updated advisory reflects our ongoing efforts to promote responsible practices in the industry to prevent and disrupt sanction s evasion. It also reflects efforts to further enhance c ompliance with the price caps on crude oil and petroleum products of Russian Federation origin, maintained by the G7, the European Union, Australia, and New Zealand (“the Price Cap Coalition” or “Coalition”).2 In addition to changes throughout the document, Recommendations 8 -11 have been added to this updated advisory. The Coalition is committed to facilitating conditions to allow for the responsible maritime trade of crude oil and petroleum products within a r eputable, safe, and secure market. The Coalition is also committed to ensuring maritime safety, which may include safety -related exemptions or licenses issued by national authorities. Recent developments in the maritime oil trade, described below, expose stakeholders to increased safety, environmental, economic, reputational, financial, logistical, and legal risks. This advisory outlines best practices stakeholders should adopt to reduc e risks while promoting the safe flow of oil on the market. These recommendations build upon previous guidance issued by Price Cap Coalition members such as the May 2020 Sanctions Advisory for the Maritime Industry,3 the Office of Financial Sanctions Impl ementation (OFSI) March 2024 Maritime Guidance,4 the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) February 2023 Guidance on Implementation of the Price Cap Policy,5 OFAC’s April 2023 Alert on Possible Evasion of the Russian Oil Price Cap,6 the Coalition's previous October 2023 Advisory, the Coalition’s February 2024 Compliance and Enforcement Alert,7 the UK Department for Business and Trade’s May 2024 Guidance on Sales of Oil Tankers to Third Countries,8 OFSI’s UK Maritime Services Ban and Oil Price Cap Industry Guidance,9 the European Commission’s Oil Price Cap Guidance,10 and the European Commission’s Compliance Alert on the Oil Price Cap.11 By adopting the recommendations included in this advisory and previous guidance documents, sta keholders can continue to reduce their exposure to possible risks associated with recent developments in the maritime oil trade. Geopolitical changes continue to impact and shape the world’s maritime oil trade, shifting trade routes, broadening the scope of shipping service providers, and, at times, resulting in a loss of transparency. A “shadow” trade has become more pronounced, of ten involving actors and cargo affiliated with countries and /or persons subject to sanctions, or associated with other illicit activity. This shadow trade is characterized by irregular and often high risk shipping practices that generate significant concer ns for both the public and private sectors. These heightened risks include, but are not limited to: • Maritime Safety and Marine Environment : The vessels engaged in this shadow trade, sometimes called the “shadow fleet,” are typically older ships, many of w hich are operating past their traditional lifespans. These vessels are often registered with flag states that fail to meet their international obligations. There is also an increased risk of falsified /fraudulent registration. Vessels in the shadow trade ma y fabricate or neglect the appropriate surveys or inspections and lack regulatory certificates required under international conventions. Additionally, crews employed on shadow fleet vessels may be less experienced or face pressure to disregard prudent ship board practices, including those provided by the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers (“STCW”). These factors (i.e., vessel age; substandard certifications; inadequate safety and maintenance standa rds performed by substandard flags or unrecognized organizations; inexperienced crew; imprudence by crew) could increase the likelihood of marine casualties. • Insurance and Economic : Oil spills can create tremendous environmental damage and impose immense economic costs on coastal states. Ships involved in the shadow trade may rely on unproven Protection and Indemnity (P&I) insurance providers that operate in jurisdictions with opaque or limited regulation, and insufficient capital, reinsurance arrangement s, and/or technical expertise to handle a major claim in the event of a marine casualty. Accordingly, it is more challenging to hold such vessels accountable for the heavy economic burden generated by environmental damage. • Reputational, Logistical, and Fi nancial : Actors involved in the shadow trade often conceal their ownership structures and the origin of their cargo. The ownership of shadow fleet tankers may be concealed through complex corporate arrangements, with a recent increase of single vessel flee ts. Shadow fleet tankers have been observed disabl ing or manipulat ing Automatic Identification Systems ( AIS) to conceal illicit activity or other information about their voyages. Such deceptive practices may cause stakeholders to unknowingly engage in tran sactions that are inconsistent with stakeholders’ compliance policies, affect stakeholders’ reputations, and trigger de -risking behavior from counterparties. This de -risking can result in loss of access to reputable service providers, financing, customers, and ports. • Legal and Sanctions : A coalition of over thirty countries ha s adopted a variety of economic measures in response to Russia’s war against Ukraine, including the oil price cap policy implemented by the Price Cap Coalition. Some actors may use deceptive practices to access Price Cap Coalition services to transport Russ ian oil or petroleum products sold above the price cap, or to engage in activity that may otherwise violate the Coalition’s sanctions, laws, or regulations. Recent sanctions actions by Coalition members regarding specific vessels and counterparties involv ed in the Russian oil trade underscore the risk of this deceptive behavior. RECOMMENDED ACTIONS The following recommendations are best practices that the Coalition continues to encourage stakeholders to adopt, subject to applicable laws and regulations and, as appropriate according to their risk, based on: (i) their role; (ii) the information available to them; and (iii) the types of transactions in which they engage: Recommendation 1: Require appropriately capitalized P&I insurance. The sh adow trade involves ships that may rely on unknown, untested, sporadic, or fraudulent insurance. Without legitimate, continuous insurance coverage, these ships may be unable to pay the costs of accidents in which they are involved, including oil spills, wh ich entail tremendous environmental damage and safety risks and associated costs. The Coalition encourages stakeholders to require that vessels have continuous and appropriate maritime insurance coverage for the entirety of their voyages. The Coalition fur ther recommends that stakeholders require vessels to be insured by legitimate insurance providers with sufficient coverage for Civil Liability Convention and Oil Pollution Act (CLC)12 liabilities. If an industry participant is engaging with a ship that is not insured by such a legitimate insurance provider, the industry participant should conduct sufficient due diligence to ensure that the insurer can cover all relevant risks. Such due diligence could include, as feasible, a review of an insurer’s financ ial soundness, track record, regulatory record, and/or ownership structure. Recommendation 2: Receive classification from an International Association of Classification Societie s13 (IACS) member society. The information gathered by classification societi es is useful in enabling insurers, port states, and other stakeholders to make informed decisions about the seaworthiness of vessels. Some ships involved in the shadow trade have shifted away from industry standard classification societies, and instead use societies that are not a part of, or have been removed from, the International Association of Classification Societies. The Coalition encourage s14 stakeholders to ensure counterparties receive classification from IACS member classification societies to en sure vessels are fit for the service intended. Recommendation 3: Best-practice use of Automatic Identification Systems (“AIS”). Consistent with the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (“SOLAS”), stakeholders should promote the continuou s broadcasting of AIS throughout the lifetime of a voyage. If a ship needs to disable its AIS in response to a legitimate safety concern, the ship should document the circumstances that necessitated disablement. Industry stakeholders should also vigilantly monitor irregular AIS patterns or data that are inconsistent with actual ship locations. By requiring that ships with which they engage use AIS in accordance with the SOLAS, industry stakeholders will improve their understanding of vessels’ activities, an d reduce their exposure to criminal actors and associated risks. • If accessible, complement AIS Tracking with Long -Range Identification and Tracking (“LRIT”). In instances of AIS outages or suspected AIS manipulation, stakeholders such as flagging registries that have access to LRIT should use it to determine the true location of vessels, including, where feasible, those leased to third parties. For those industry stakeholders who have access to LRIT, combining AIS and LRIT is a best practice for mi tigating risk. Recommendation 4: Monitor high -risk ship -to-ship transfers. Stakeholders should ensure all ship -to-ship (STS) activities are consistent with the MARPOL convention rules and regulations and any national regulations, as referenced in the IMO ’s December 2023 Resolution on STS activities and the shadow fleet.15 While STS transfers (the transfer of cargo between ships at sea) are often conducted for legitimate purposes, such transfers can also be used to conceal the origin or destination of carg o in circumvention of sanctions or other regulations. Furthermore, STS transfers of crude oil or petroleum products outside of safe and sheltered waters entail heightened environmental and safety risks. Stakeholders should recognize these enhanced risks an d, as appropriate to their role, conduct enhanced due diligence in the context of STS transfers, including the notification of STS oil cargo transfers as required by Annex I of the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (“MARPO L“), especially in areas at higher risk for illicit trading activity or AIS manipulation. Industry stakeholders should also verify oil record logs hold an accountable record of cargo movements aboard vessels. Recommendation 5: Request associated shipping and ancillary costs. The inflation of shipping and ancillary costs ( e.g., freight, customs, insurance), or the bundling of such costs, are tactics that may be used to conceal that Russian oil was purchased above the price cap. The billing of comme rcially unreasonable or opaque shipping and ancillary costs should be viewed as a sign of potential price cap evasion. Shipping, freight, customs, and insurance costs are not included in the price caps and must be invoiced separately and at commercially re asonable rates. Industry stakeholders involved in the Russian oil trade should require an itemized breakdown of all known costs negotiated at the start of the trade transaction (e.g., port dues, freight, and insurance costs). As of early 2024, coalition se rvice providers are required to request such information in certain circumstances, including, but not limited to, requests from relevant authorities. This entail s industry stakeholders updat ing contractual terms and conditions with sellers or counterparts or adjust ing invoicing models to show the price of the oil until the port of loading and the price for transportation and other services separately. Recommendation 6: Undertake appropriate due diligence. Industry stakeholders should carry out appropriate due diligence. Heightened diligence may be appropriate for ships that have undergone numerous administrative changes such as re-flagging, vessel name changes, and ownership changes or otherwise have elevated risk profiles based on age, incident history, deficiencies, and/or inspection history. Industry stakeholders may also wish to conduct increased diligence when dealing with intermediary companies ( e.g., management companies, traders, brokerages, etc.) that conceal their beneficial ownership or otherwise engage in unusually opaque practices. Such companies may be more likely to engage in deceptive practices and expose counterparties to heightened risks. Industry stakeholders’ due dilig ence should be calibrated according to the specificities of their business and the related risk exposure. Due diligence is especially important where market assessments indicate that Russian oil prices exceed the price cap, and Coalition services are being used or sought. Recommendation 7: Report ships that trigger concerns. If an industry participant is aware of potentially illicit or unsafe maritime oil trade, including suspected breaches of the oil price cap, they should report this to relevant authoriti es and, depending on national regulations, may be required to do so. Stakeholders should reference the Coalition’s February 2024 Compliance and Enforcement Alert, which contains an annex with relevant reporting information. By reporting these concerning be haviors, industry stakeholders can collectively help protect the trade from malign activity, while promoting safety and integrity across the market. Recommendation 8: Ensure vessels meet international maritime safety and environmental obligations. Flag States play a critical role in promoting safety and upholding agreed -upon standards across the maritime oil trade. In particular, Flag States are responsible for upholding standards and duties under SOLAS, MARPOL, STCW, and CLC. Port State Controls (PSC) can also play an important role in ensuring that foreign flagged tankers entering ports (other than those of the Flag State itself) meet the requirements of international regulations and maintain high safety and environmental standards. In line with the 2023 IMO resolution, flag states should ensure vessels are not conducting illegal operations or evading compliance with safety or environmental regulations, and PSCs and/or other relev ant authorities should consider actions to address that behavior, e.g., detain ing or prevent ing those vessels from entering national ports. Coastal States should also ensure compliance with maritime safety and pollution prevention standards by monitoring s hip-to-ship operations in their territorial waters and exclusive economic zone (EEZ). Industry stakeholders should engage with Flag States, Port States, Coastal States, and relevant authorities on vessels of particular concern. If an industry stakeholder i s aware of potentially illicit or unsafe maritime oil trade, including suspected breaches of the oil price cap, they should report this to relevant authorities, as referenced in Recommendation 7. Recommendation 9: Monitor t anker sales. Those involved in the sale and brokering of tankers should remain vigilant of potential evasive or illicit purchase structures and end uses, especially for aging tankers, including tankers previously designated for recycling. While new participants may enter th e industry, the Coalition strongly encourages stakeholders to conduct enhanced due diligence on these transactions, including ultimate beneficial ownership due diligence, and to understand if buyers or associated ship management companies have a previous a ssociation with vessels engaged in potentially illicit or unsafe behavior. Appropriate due diligence should include obtaining information such as contact details, source of funds, and copies of identification of the buyer’s beneficial owner or owners. The Coalition recommends that t his information be verified against third party databases, media, and market intelligence, and reviewed periodically, consistent with regulations of each jurisdiction and in line with Recommendation 6. Stakeholders should be awa re that the European Union has introduced measures to more closely monitor the sale of tankers to third countries and prevent their use in the transport of oil price d above the cap established by the Coalition.16 Recommendation 10: Avoid interactions with sanctioned parties. Coalition members have taken a series of sanctions actions against illicit oil traders, opaque intermediaries, companies that own vessels, and vessels themselves. Stakeholders should constantly monitor their exposure t o ensure they are not interacting with sanctioned parties unless a relevant national authority has granted a license or exemption. Stakeholders should consider not only checking counterparties and vessels against national sanctions lists, but also undertaking proactive investigations to ascertain sanctions exposure, including to understand whether their unsanctioned counterparties may have recently engaged with sanctioned entities. Stakeholders should, whe re possible, deny attempts by sanctioned vessels or parties to enter port, conduct ship-to-ship transfers, and sell or buy tankers, and report these attempts to relevant authorities. Stakeholders should be aware that owners and operators of sanctioned vess els may attempt to engage in deceptive practices to obfuscate their status, such as renaming, reflagging, obscuring their IMO number, or falsifying documents, increasing sanctions risk for non-sanctioned counterparties. Recommendation 11 : Raise the level of awareness and enhance market transparency. As appropriate, industry stakeholders should develop targeted training programs for their employees and associated partners focused on the risks of shadow fleet activities and deceptive practices. These trainings should address topics such as identifying red flags, understanding the effects of deceptive practices on maritime safety, the environment, and the economy, proper reporting practices, sanctions risks, and the importance of transp arency and compliance, among others. In addition, stakeholders should, where possible, prioritize open communication and collaboration to combat deceptive practices, including information and data sharing with industry partners."
}
```
<DEBUG-llm_manager.bedrock_manager> - [DeepSeek] Reasoning: Okay, let's tackle this problem step by step. First, I need to determine whether the provided fit_markdown is a homepage (linktopage) or a specific article (linktopaper). The user gave some guidelines for differentiation. 

Looking at the fit_markdown, it starts with a main heading "## Updated Price Cap Coalition Advisory..." which seems like the title of a specific document. The content includes detailed recommendations, sections on increased risks, and several numbered recommendations with explanations. There are also references to specific dates, like October 21, 2024, which is likely the publish time. This structure suggests it's a detailed article rather than a list of multiple articles, so it's probably a linktopaper.

Next, I need to extract the title. The main heading after the first ## is "Updated Price Cap Coalition Advisory for the Maritime Oil Industry and Related Sectors Best Practices in Response to Recent Developments in the Maritime Oil Trade". That's the title. The URL provided is 'https://ofac.treasury.gov/media/933506/download?inline', which I'll include as the url field.

For publish_time, the date mentioned right after the title is "October 21, 202 4". Wait, there's a typo here—it should be 2024. So the date is October 21, 2024. The example given in the instructions converts a Vietnamese date format to ISO, but here the date is in English. The time isn't specified, so maybe it's just the date. But the user's example included a time, so perhaps I should check if there's a time mentioned. Looking through the content, I don't see a specific time like 18:36. The publish_time in the markdown is just "October 21, 2024". So the ISO format would be "2024-10-21". However, the user's example included the time component. Wait, the original instruction says to convert the time from the content, like 'Thứ ba, 29/7/2025, 18:36 (GMT+7)' to ISO. In this case, the date is written as "October 21, 2024" without a time. So perhaps the publish_time is just the date part. But the user's example included the time, but maybe in this case, since there's no time, we can leave the time as 00:00:00. So the ISO would be "2024-10-21T00:00:00". But the timezone isn't specified. The original example had GMT+7, but here there's no timezone info. The user's instruction says to convert the time as per the content. Since there's no timezone, maybe we can assume it's in the local timezone of the source, but since it's not provided, perhaps we can omit the time part and just use the date. However, the user's example included the time. Wait, the user's example input had a Vietnamese date with time, but here the input is in English without time. So maybe the publish_time is "2024-10-21" with no time. But the JSON format requires ISO 8601, which can be just the date if time is unknown. However, the user's example output for publish_time in the instructions was "2025-07-29T18:36:00+07:00". So perhaps the correct approach is to check if the date in the content includes a time. In this case, the fit_markdown has "October 21, 202 4" (note the typo, probably 2024). Let me check the original input again. The user's fit_markdown starts with "October 21, 202 4". Wait, that's a typo. The year is written as "202 4" which is likely a mistake and should be "2024". So the correct date is October 21, 2024. Since there's no time specified, perhaps the publish_time is "2024-10-21" with the time part omitted. But according to ISO 8601, the time can be omitted if unknown. However, the user's example included the time. Maybe the user expects the time to be set to midnight. So the publish_time would be "2024-10-21T00:00:00". But since the timezone isn't specified, should we add a timezone? The original example had +07:00. But in this case, there's no timezone info. The user's instruction says to convert the time as per the content. Since there's no timezone, perhaps we can leave it without a timezone offset. However, ISO 8601 allows for omitting the timezone, but the example included it. Hmm. Maybe the user expects that if the time isn't present, we just use the date part. But the example shows that even when the time is present, it's converted. So in this case, since there's no time, perhaps the publish_time is "2024-10-21" (just the date). But the JSON schema in the example has the time part. Wait, looking back at the user's example output:

Example output for publish_time: "2025-07-29T18:36:00+07:00"

But in the given input here, the date is "October 21, 2024" without time. So perhaps the correct approach is to set the time to midnight in the absence of specific time, and assume no timezone offset. But the user's instructions say to convert the time as per the content. Since there's no time, maybe the publish_time is "2024-10-21" but the JSON format requires the full ISO. Alternatively, maybe the user expects to leave it as an empty string if the time isn't present. But the user's example shows that even when the time is present, it's converted. Wait, the user's instruction says: "Thời gian đăng bài hiển thị trong nội dung (ví dụ: 'Thứ ba, 29/7/2025, 18:36 (GMT+7)'). Chuyển đổi sang định dạng ISO 8601 (ví dụ: 2025-07-29T18:36:00+07:00). KHÔNG lấy thời gian từ URL."

So the example had a time and timezone. In the current case, the date is "October 21, 2024" without time. So perhaps the publish_time is "2024-10-21" but according to ISO 8601, it's acceptable to have just the date part. However, the user's example includes the time. But since there's no time in the input, maybe the publish_time is "2024-10-21T00:00:00" but without timezone. But the user's example included the timezone. Alternatively, maybe the user expects that if the time isn't present, we leave the publish_time as an empty string. But that doesn't make sense. The correct approach is to parse the date as given. Since the date is "October 21, 2024", the ISO 8601 date is "2024-10-21". However, the user's example included the time, so perhaps the user expects the time to be included. But in the absence of time information, we can't invent it. So the correct publish_time is "2024-10-21".

Next, the content. The instructions say to extract the main content, excluding titles, URLs, publish_time, author, ads, comments, related articles, etc. The content here starts after the title and date. The main body includes the paragraphs under the main heading, the "INCREASED RISKS..." section, and the "RECOMMENDED ACTIONS" with all the recommendations. However, the footnotes (like the numbered references at the end) should be excluded. The content should be the entire text of the article, excluding any footnotes, references, or annotations. Looking at the fit_markdown, after the main content, there are several sections starting with "## _1", "## _2", etc., which are footnotes. These should be excluded from the content. So the content is everything from the first paragraph after the title and date up to before the "## _1" section. 

So the content includes:

"The Price Cap Coalition is issuing this updated advisory to provide recommendations concerning specific best practices for private sector actors... [continuing until] ...prioritize open communication and collaboration to combat deceptive practices, including information and data sharing with industry partners."

Then, the sections starting with "## _1" are footnotes and should be excluded.

Now, checking for is_negative. The content discusses risks like environmental damage, safety risks, sanctions evasion, deceptive practices, etc. The user's criteria for is_negative include mentions of accidents, conflicts, controversies, crises, legal violations, natural disasters, criticized behavior, or specific keywords. The content talks about increased safety risks, environmental damage, economic costs, sanctions evasion, deceptive practices, etc. These fall under the negative criteria. So is_negative should be True.

Putting it all together:

- title: "Updated Price Cap Coalition Advisory for the Maritime Oil Industry and Related Sectors Best Practices in Response to Recent Developments in the Maritime Oil Trade"
- url: "https://ofac.treasury.gov/media/933506/download?inline"
- publish_time: "2024-10-21" (assuming no time component)
- is_linktopaper: True
- content: The entire main text excluding footnotes
- is_negative: True

Wait, but the user's example for publish_time includes the time and timezone. However, in this case, there's no time provided. So perhaps the correct approach is to set the time to midnight in the absence of information, but without a timezone. So the ISO would be "2024-10-21T00:00:00". But the user's example included the timezone. However, since the input doesn't specify a timezone, maybe we can't include it. The user's instruction says to convert the time as per the content. If the content only has a date, then the publish_time should be "2024-10-21". But according to ISO 8601, dates without times can be represented as "YYYY-MM-DD". However, the user's example included the time, so maybe the user expects the time to be set to midnight. Let me check the original input again. The publish_time in the fit_markdown is written as "October 21, 202 4" (with a typo, but likely 2024). There's no time mentioned. So the correct ISO 8601 format would be "2024-10-21". However, the user's example included the time, but that's because the input had a time. In this case, since there's no time, the correct publish_time is "2024-10-21".

But wait, the user's instruction says "chuyển đổi sang định dạng ISO 8601 (ví dụ: 2025-07-29T18:36:00+07:00)". So if the input has a date without time, how to handle? The ISO format allows for just the date part. However, the example includes the time. Maybe the user expects that even if the time is missing, we should default to 00:00:00. So the publish_time would be "2024-10-21T00:00:00". But without a timezone, it's "2024-10-21T00:00:00". However, the user's example included the timezone offset. Since there's no timezone in the input, perhaps we can't include it. So the correct publish_time is "2024-10-21T00:00:00".

But I need to check the original fit_markdown again. The date is written as "October 21, 202 4" (probably a typo for 2024). So the correct date is October 21, 2024. The publish_time in ISO would be "2024-10-21T00:00:00" assuming no time and no timezone. However, the user's example included the timezone. But since there's no timezone in the input, perhaps we should omit it. So the publish_time is "2024-10-21T00:00:00".

Alternatively, maybe the user expects that if there's no time, the time part is omitted. But according to JSON schema, the example includes the time. However, the user's instruction says to convert the time as per the content. If the content only has a date, then the publish_time should be "2024-10-21". But I'm not sure. The example given by the user includes both date and time. Let me check the original instruction again:

"Thời gian đăng bài hiển thị trong nội dung (ví dụ: 'Thứ ba, 29/7/2025, 18:36 (GMT+7)'). Chuyển đổi sang định dạng ISO 8601 (ví dụ: 2025-07-29T18:36:00+07:00). KHÔNG lấy thời gian từ URL."

So the example input has a date and time with timezone. The output is the ISO format with time and timezone. In the current case, the input has only a date. So the correct approach is to parse the date and set the time to midnight, and since there's no timezone, omit it. But ISO 8601 allows for dates without time. However, the user's example includes the time. So perhaps the user expects that even if the time is missing, we should include T00:00:00. So the publish_time would be "2024-10-21T00:00:00".

But I'm not sure. Let's proceed with that.

Now, the content. The main content is everything from the first paragraph after the title and date up to before the footnotes (## _1). So I need to extract all the text from "The Price Cap Coalition is issuing this updated advisory..." up to "...information and data sharing with industry partners." and exclude the sections starting with "## _1".

The footnotes start with "## _1 Industry stakeholders include..." which are numbered references. These should be excluded from the content.

So the content is the entire text except those footnotes.

Now, checking for is_negative. The content discusses risks like environmental damage, safety hazards, sanctions evasion, deceptive practices, etc. These are all negative aspects. So is_negative is True.

Putting it all together:

title: "Updated Price Cap Coalition Advisory for the Maritime Oil Industry and Related Sectors Best Practices in Response to Recent Developments in the Maritime Oil Trade"

url: "https://ofac.treasury.gov/media/933506/download?inline"

publish_time: "2024-10-21T00:00:00"

is_linktopaper: True

content: The entire main text excluding the footnotes.

is_negative: True

Now, I need to format this into JSON, ensuring that the content is correctly captured without any markdown formatting. The content should be plain text, with paragraphs separated appropriately. Also, ensure that the title is correctly taken from the first heading, and that the footnotes are excluded.

Let me verify the content extraction. The fit_markdown has:

## Updated Price Cap Coalition Advisory for the
Maritime Oil Industry and Related Sectors Best Practices in Response to Recent Developments in the Maritime Oil Trade October 21, 202 4 The Price Cap Coalition is issuing this updated advisory to provide recommendations concerning specific best practices for private sector actors (“ industry stakeholders ”1) involved in the maritime trade of crude oil and refined petroleum products, as well as government stakeholders. This updated advisory reflects our ongoing efforts to promote responsible practices in the industry to prevent and disrupt sanction s evasion. It also reflects efforts to further enhance c ompliance with the price caps on crude oil and petroleum products of Russian Federation origin, maintained by the G7, the European Union, Australia, and New Zealand (“the Price Cap Coalition” or “Coalition”).2 In addition to changes throughout the document, Recommendations 8 -11 have been added to this updated advisory. The Coalition is committed to facilitating conditions to allow for the responsible maritime trade of crude oil and petroleum products within a r eputable, safe, and secure market. The Coalition is also committed to ensuring maritime safety, which may include safety -related exemptions or licenses issued by national authorities. Recent developments in the maritime oil trade, described below, expose stakeholders to increased safety, environmental, economic, reputational, financial, logistical, and legal risks. This advisory outlines best practices stakeholders should adopt to reduc e risks while promoting the safe flow of oil on the market. These recommendations build upon previous guidance issued by Price Cap Coalition members such as the May 2020 Sanctions Advisory for the Maritime Industry,3 the Office of Financial Sanctions Impl ementation (OFSI) March 2024 Maritime Guidance,4 the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) February 2023 Guidance on Implementation of the Price Cap Policy,5 OFAC’s April 2023 Alert on Possible Evasion of the Russian Oil Price Cap,6 the Coalition's previous October 2023 Advisory, the Coalition’s February 2024 Compliance and Enforcement Alert,7 the UK Department for Business and Trade’s May 2024 Guidance on Sales of Oil Tankers to Third Countries,8 OFSI’s UK Maritime Services Ban and Oil Price Cap Industry Guidance,9 the European Commission’s Oil Price Cap Guidance,10 and the European Commission’s Compliance Alert on the Oil Price Cap.11 By adopting the recommendations included in this advisory and previous guidance documents, sta keholders can continue to reduce their exposure to possible risks associated with recent developments in the maritime oil trade.
## INCREASED RISKS FROM RECENT
DEVELOPMENTS IN THE MARITIME OIL TRADE Geopolitical changes continue to impact and shape the world’s maritime oil trade, shifting trade routes, broadening the scope of shipping service providers, and, at times, resulting in a loss of transparency. A “shadow” trade has become more pronounced, of ten involving actors and cargo affiliated with countries and /or persons subject to sanctions, or associated with other illicit activity. This shadow trade is characterized by irregular and often high risk shipping practices that generate significant concer ns for both the public and private sectors. These heightened risks include, but are not limited to: • Maritime Safety and Marine Environment : The vessels engaged in this shadow trade, sometimes called the “shadow fleet,” are typically older ships, many of w hich are operating past their traditional lifespans. These vessels are often registered with flag states that fail to meet their international obligations. There is also an increased risk of falsified /fraudulent registration. Vessels in the shadow trade ma y fabricate or neglect the appropriate surveys or inspections and lack regulatory certificates required under international conventions. Additionally, crews employed on shadow fleet vessels may be less experienced or face pressure to disregard prudent ship board practices, including those provided by the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers (“STCW”). These factors (i.e., vessel age; substandard certifications; inadequate safety and maintenance standa rds performed by substandard flags or unrecognized organizations; inexperienced crew; imprudence by crew) could increase the likelihood of marine casualties. • Insurance and Economic : Oil spills can create tremendous environmental damage and impose immense economic costs on coastal states. Ships involved in the shadow trade may rely on unproven Protection and Indemnity (P&I) insurance providers that operate in jurisdictions with opaque or limited regulation, and insufficient capital, reinsurance arrangement s, and/or technical expertise to handle a major claim in the event of a marine casualty. Accordingly, it is more challenging to hold such vessels accountable for the heavy economic burden generated by environmental damage. • Reputational, Logistical, and Fi nancial : Actors involved in the shadow trade often conceal their ownership structures and the origin of their cargo. The ownership of shadow fleet tankers may be concealed through complex corporate arrangements, with a recent increase of single vessel flee ts. Shadow fleet tankers have been observed disabl ing or manipulat ing Automatic Identification Systems ( AIS) to conceal illicit activity or other information about their voyages. Such deceptive practices may cause stakeholders to unknowingly engage in tran sactions that are
## inconsistent with stakeholders’ compliance policies, affect stakeholders’
reputations, and trigger de -risking behavior from counterparties. This de -risking can result in loss of access to reputable service providers, financing, customers, and ports. • Legal and Sanctions : A coalition of over thirty countries ha s adopted a variety of economic measures in response to Russia’s war against Ukraine, including the oil price cap policy implemented by the Price Cap Coalition. Some actors may use deceptive practices to access Price Cap Coalition services to transport Russ ian oil or petroleum products sold above the price cap, or to engage in activity that may otherwise violate the Coalition’s sanctions, laws, or regulations. Recent sanctions actions by Coalition members regarding specific vessels and counterparties involv ed in the Russian oil trade underscore the risk of this deceptive behavior. RECOMMENDED ACTIONS The following recommendations are best practices that the Coalition continues to encourage stakeholders to adopt, subject to applicable laws and regulations and, as appropriate according to their risk, based on: (i) their role; (ii) the information available to them; and (iii) the types of transactions in which they engage: Recommendation 1: Require appropriately capitalized P&I insurance. The sh adow trade involves ships that may rely on unknown, untested, sporadic, or fraudulent insurance. Without legitimate, continuous insurance coverage, these ships may be unable to pay the costs of accidents in which they are involved, including oil spills, wh ich entail tremendous environmental damage and safety risks and associated costs. The Coalition encourages stakeholders to require that vessels have continuous and appropriate maritime insurance coverage for the entirety of their voyages. The Coalition fur ther recommends that stakeholders require vessels to be insured by legitimate insurance providers with sufficient coverage for Civil Liability Convention and Oil Pollution Act (CLC)12 liabilities. If an industry participant is engaging with a ship that is not insured by such a legitimate insurance provider, the industry participant should conduct sufficient due diligence to ensure that the insurer can cover all relevant risks. Such due diligence could include, as feasible, a review of an insurer’s financ ial soundness, track record, regulatory record, and/or ownership structure. Recommendation 2: Receive classification from an International Association of Classification Societie s13 (IACS) member society. The information gathered by classification societi es is useful in enabling insurers, port states, and other stakeholders to make informed decisions about the seaworthiness of vessels. Some ships involved in the shadow trade have shifted away from industry standard classification societies, and instead use societies that are not a part of, or have been removed from, the International Association of Classification Societies. The Coalition encourage s14 stakeholders to ensure
counterparties receive classification from IACS member classification societies to en sure vessels are fit for the service intended. Recommendation 3: Best-practice use of Automatic Identification Systems (“AIS”). Consistent with the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (“SOLAS”), stakeholders should promote the continuou s broadcasting of AIS throughout the lifetime of a voyage. If a ship needs to disable its AIS in response to a legitimate safety concern, the ship should document the circumstances that necessitated disablement. Industry stakeholders should also vigilantly monitor irregular AIS patterns or data that are inconsistent with actual ship locations. By requiring that ships with which they engage use AIS in accordance with the SOLAS, industry stakeholders will improve their understanding of vessels’ activities, an d reduce their exposure to criminal actors and associated risks. • If accessible, complement AIS Tracking with Long -Range Identification and Tracking (“LRIT”). In instances of AIS outages or suspected AIS manipulation, stakeholders such as flagging registries that have access to LRIT should use it to determine the true location of vessels, including, where feasible, those leased to third parties. For those industry stakeholders who have access to LRIT, combining AIS and LRIT is a best practice for mi tigating risk. Recommendation 4: Monitor high -risk ship -to-ship transfers. Stakeholders should ensure all ship -to-ship (STS) activities are consistent with the MARPOL convention rules and regulations and any national regulations, as referenced in the IMO ’s December 2023 Resolution on STS activities and the shadow fleet.15 While STS transfers (the transfer of cargo between ships at sea) are often conducted for legitimate purposes, such transfers can also be used to conceal the origin or destination of carg o in circumvention of sanctions or other regulations. Furthermore, STS transfers of crude oil or petroleum products outside of safe and sheltered waters entail heightened environmental and safety risks. Stakeholders should recognize these enhanced risks an d, as appropriate to their role, conduct enhanced due diligence in the context of STS transfers, including the notification of STS oil cargo transfers as required by Annex I of the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (“MARPO L“), especially in areas at higher risk for illicit trading activity or AIS manipulation. Industry stakeholders should also verify oil record logs hold an accountable record of cargo movements aboard vessels. Recommendation 5: Request associated shipping and ancillary costs. The inflation of shipping and ancillary costs ( e.g., freight, customs, insurance), or the bundling of such costs, are tactics that may be used to conceal that Russian oil was purchased above the price cap. The billing of comme rcially unreasonable or opaque shipping and ancillary costs should be viewed as a sign of potential price cap evasion. Shipping, freight, customs, and insurance costs are not included in the price caps and must be invoiced separately and at commercially re asonable rates. Industry stakeholders involved in the Russian oil trade should require an itemized breakdown of all known costs negotiated at the start of the trade transaction (e.g., port dues, freight, and insurance costs). As of early 2024, coalition se rvice
providers are required to request such information in certain circumstances, including, but not limited to, requests from relevant authorities. This entail s industry stakeholders updat ing contractual terms and conditions with sellers or counterparts or adjust ing invoicing models to show the price of the oil until the port of loading and the price for transportation and other services separately. Recommendation 6: Undertake appropriate due diligence. Industry stakeholders should carry out appropriate due diligence. Heightened diligence may be appropriate for ships that have undergone numerous administrative changes such as re-flagging, vessel name changes, and ownership changes or otherwise have elevated risk profiles based on age, incident history, deficiencies, and/or inspection history. Industry stakeholders may also wish to conduct increased diligence when dealing with intermediary companies ( e.g., management companies, traders, brokerages, etc.) that conceal their beneficial ownership or otherwise engage in unusually opaque practices. Such companies may be more likely to engage in deceptive practices and expose counterparties to heightened risks. Industry stakeholders’ due dilig ence should be calibrated according to the specificities of their business and the related risk exposure. Due diligence is especially important where market assessments indicate that Russian oil prices exceed the price cap, and Coalition services are being used or sought. Recommendation 7: Report ships that trigger concerns. If an industry participant is aware of potentially illicit or unsafe maritime oil trade, including suspected breaches of the oil price cap, they should report this to relevant authoriti es and, depending on national regulations, may be required to do so. Stakeholders should reference the Coalition’s February 2024 Compliance and Enforcement Alert, which contains an annex with relevant reporting information. By reporting these concerning be haviors, industry stakeholders can collectively help protect the trade from malign activity, while promoting safety and integrity across the market. Recommendation 8: Ensure vessels meet international maritime safety and environmental obligations. Flag States play a critical role in promoting safety and upholding agreed -upon standards across the maritime oil trade. In particular, Flag States are responsible for upholding standards and duties under SOLAS, MARPOL, STCW, and CLC. Port State Controls (PSC) can also play an important role in ensuring that foreign flagged tankers entering ports (other than those of the Flag State itself) meet the requirements of international regulations and maintain high safety and environmental standards. In line with the 2023 IMO resolution, flag states should ensure vessels are not conducting illegal operations or evading compliance with safety or environmental regulations, and PSCs and/or other relev ant authorities should consider actions to address that behavior, e.g., detain ing or prevent ing those vessels from entering national ports. Coastal States should also ensure compliance with maritime safety and pollution prevention standards by monitoring s hip-to-ship operations in their territorial waters and exclusive economic zone (EEZ). Industry stakeholders should engage with Flag States, Port States, Coastal States, and relevant authorities on vessels of particular concern. If an
industry stakeholder i s aware of potentially illicit or unsafe maritime oil trade, including suspected breaches of the oil price cap, they should report this to relevant authorities, as referenced in Recommendation 7. Recommendation 9: Monitor t anker sales. Those involved in the sale and brokering of tankers should remain vigilant of potential evasive or illicit purchase structures and end uses, especially for aging tankers, including tankers previously designated for recycling. While new participants may enter th e industry, the Coalition strongly encourages stakeholders to conduct enhanced due diligence on these transactions, including ultimate beneficial ownership due diligence, and to understand if buyers or associated ship management companies have a previous a ssociation with vessels engaged in potentially illicit or unsafe behavior. Appropriate due diligence should include obtaining information such as contact details, source of funds, and copies of identification of the buyer’s beneficial owner or owners. The Coalition recommends that t his information be verified against third party databases, media, and market intelligence, and reviewed periodically, consistent with regulations of each jurisdiction and in line with Recommendation 6. Stakeholders should be awa re that the European Union has introduced measures to more closely monitor the sale of tankers to third countries and prevent their use in the transport of oil price d above the cap established by the Coalition.16 Recommendation 10: Avoid interactions with sanctioned parties. Coalition members have taken a series of sanctions actions against illicit oil traders, opaque intermediaries, companies that own vessels, and vessels themselves. Stakeholders should constantly monitor their exposure t o ensure they are not interacting with sanctioned parties unless a relevant national authority has granted a license or exemption. Stakeholders should consider not only checking counterparties and vessels against national sanctions lists, but also undertaking proactive investigations to ascertain sanctions exposure, including to understand whether their unsanctioned counterparties may have recently engaged with sanctioned entities. Stakeholders should, whe re possible, deny attempts by sanctioned vessels or parties to enter port, conduct ship-to-ship transfers, and sell or buy tankers, and report these attempts to relevant authorities. Stakeholders should be aware that owners and operators of sanctioned vess els may attempt to engage in deceptive practices to obfuscate their status, such as renaming, reflagging, obscuring their IMO number, or falsifying documents, increasing sanctions risk for non-sanctioned counterparties. Recommendation 11 : Raise the level of awareness and enhance market transparency. As appropriate, industry stakeholders should develop targeted training programs for their employees and associated partners focused on the risks of shadow fleet activities and deceptive practices. These trainings should address topics such as identifying red flags, understanding the effects of deceptive practices on maritime safety, the environment, and the economy, proper reporting practices, sanctions risks, and the importance of transp arency and compliance, among others. In addition, stakeholders should, where possible, prioritize open communication and collaboration to combat deceptive practices, including information and data sharing with industry partners.

Then, the footnotes start with "## _1 Industry stakeholders include...", which are excluded.

So the content field should include all the text from the first paragraph after the title and date up to the end of Recommendation 11, excluding the footnotes.

Now, formatting the JSON:

- title: The first heading after the ##, combining the two lines (since the first line is split into two lines in the markdown)
- url: The provided URL
- publish_time: "2024-10-21T00:00:00"
- is_linktopaper: True
- content: The entire main text as described
- is_negative: True

I need to ensure that the title is correctly captured. The original markdown has:

## Updated Price Cap Coalition Advisory for the
Maritime Oil Industry and Related Sectors Best Practices in Response to Recent Developments in the Maritime Oil Trade October 21, 202 4 The Price Cap Coalition is issuing...

So the title is "Updated Price Cap Coalition Advisory for the Maritime Oil Industry and Related Sectors Best Practices in Response to Recent Developments in the Maritime Oil Trade". The date is part of the same line but comes after the title. So the title is everything from "Updated..." up to "Maritime Oil Trade", and the date is "October 21, 2024".

Therefore, the title is correctly captured as the entire heading line(s) before the date.

Finally, the JSON should look like this:
</think>
<INFO-llm_manager.bedrock_manager> - [generate] Thời gian gọi mô hình deepseek (None): 59.91 giây
<INFO-llm_manager.bedrock_manager> - 🚀 Đang gọi mô hình DeepSeek...us.deepseek.r1-v1:0
<DEBUG-llm_manager.bedrock_manager> - [DeepSeek] Đã nhận phản hồi: ```json
{
  "title": "",
  "url": "https://ofac.treasury.gov/media/933506/download?inline",
  "publish_time": "",
  "is_negative": null,
  "is_linktopaper": false,
  "content": ""
}
```
<DEBUG-llm_manager.bedrock_manager> - [DeepSeek] Reasoning: Đầu tiên, mình cần xác định xem đoạn văn bản fit_markdown được cung cấp thuộc loại trang chủ (linktopage) hay bài báo cụ thể (linktopaper). Dựa vào hướng dẫn, nếu fit_markdown chứa các tiêu đề bài báo ngắn với nhiều liên kết thì là trang chủ, còn nếu có nội dung chi tiết như tiêu đề chính, thời gian đăng, nội dung bài viết thì là bài báo.

Trong trường hợp này, fit_markdown là một đoạn HTML chứa một embed PDF. Nội dung này không có tiêu đề bài báo, không có thời gian đăng, cũng không có nội dung bài viết cụ thể. Thay vào đó, nó chỉ hiển thị một PDF được nhúng vào trang. Điều này cho thấy đây không phải là một bài báo chi tiết mà có thể là một trang tài liệu hoặc trang chủ chứa tài liệu PDF.

Theo hướng dẫn, nếu là trang chủ (linktopage) thì các trường title, publish_time, content để trống và is_linktopaper là False. Ngoài ra, URL được lấy từ đầu vào, nhưng trong URL này, path là '/media/933506/download' và query là 'inline', có thể đây là đường dẫn trực tiếp đến file PDF chứ không phải bài báo.

Về phần is_negative, do không có nội dung cụ thể để phân tích, nên trường này có thể để null hoặc false. Tuy nhiên, do không có thông tin, nên để null là hợp lý.

Vậy kết quả sẽ là is_linktopaper: False, các trường còn lại để trống và is_negative là null.
</think>
<INFO-llm_manager.bedrock_manager> - [generate] Thời gian gọi mô hình deepseek (None): 4.29 giây
